h1. About Turing

Turing is an JavaScript framework.

* Web: "turingjs.com":http://turingjs.com/
* License: "MIT License":https://github.com/alexyoung/turing.js/blob/master/LICENSE.txt
* Documentation: "API Documentation":http://turingjs.com/
* Tests: "test/":https://github.com/alexyoung/turing.js/tree/master/test
* Articles: "DailyJS Turing Articles":http://dailyjs.com/tags.html#lmaf
* eBook: "Let's Make a Framework":http://dailyjs.com/2010/12/02/framework-review/

Features include:

* Classes, with extend and mixins
* Functional programming methods: each, map
* Events
* Animation
* Chained API design
* "Turing Test":https://github.com/alexyoung/turing-test.js/ test framework

h2. Documentation

Turing's API documentation is here: "turingjs.com":http://turingjs.com.

Development has been blogged on DailyJS.  Each article is tagged with _lmaf_ on DailyJS: "dailyjs.com/tags.html#lmaf":http://dailyjs.com/tags.html#lmaf.

h2. Running Tests

To run tests, ensure you've got the required submodules from git:

<pre>
git submodule init
git submodule update
</pre>

Remember to run <code>git submodule update</code> to get the latest version referenced by the project.

h2. TODO

* [anim] CSS properties should be used instead of DOM properties (margin-left vs. marginLeft)
* [anim] DOM chained animations should be correctly scheduled
* [ajax] The Ajax requests should really return data instead of the request object if possible (json/etc)
* [test] Make turing tests able to work with asynchronous tests (i.e., Ajax)
* [test] Add benchmarks to Turing Test
* [test] Update benchmarks to use Turing Test
* [test] Remove Riot
* [net] Test/fix JSONP json parsing for data responses
